Privacy and Policy

This Privacy Policy describes the policies of BC Game Group pertaining to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information on BC Game.

OVERVIEW
Your privacy is important to us. we follow a few fundamental principles: We don’t ask you for personally identifiable information (defined below). That being said, your contact information, such as your phone number, social media handle, or email address (depending on how you contact us), may be collected when you communicate with us or if you report a bug or other error related to BC Game. We don’t share your information with third parties except to deliver you our Services and products, comply with the law, make BC Game better, protect our rights, or effectuate a business transfer. We’re not a huge, faceless corporation. We’re just developers trying to deliver an incredible product. If you have any questions or concerns about this policy, please reach out to us at 7789870@gmail.com. HOW YOU ACCEPT THIS POLICY By using BC Game, including downloading one of our mobile applications, visiting our website, you agree to the use, disclosure, and procedures outlined in this Privacy Policy.

WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT FROM OUR USERS?
The information we collect from you falls into two categories: (i) personally identifiable information (i.e., data that could potentially identify you as an individual) (“Personal Information”), and (ii) non-personally identifiable information (i.e., information that cannot be used to identify who you are) (“Non-Personal Information”). This Privacy Policy covers both categories and will tell you how we might collect and use each type. We do our best not to collect any Personal Information from BC Game users.  we may collect some Personal Information from you when you communicate with us, including your contact information, such as your phone number, social media handle, or email address (depending on how you reach out). Like other online services, we also collect a variety of Non-Personal Information.

HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
When You Contact Us. We may collect certain information if you choose to contact us, if you use our Services or if you report a bug or other error with BC Game. This may include contact information such as your name, email address, phone number, and public wallet address. We, or companies that provide services on our behalf, may also collect certain Non-Personal Information from you.

Information We Automatically Collect
Users who use our application may have their device’s IP address logged for the purpose of generating anonymous statistics or troubleshooting the performance of our web servers. Your IP address will not be used to track or identify you, but may be used to determine your geographic location in order to determine which of our services you are presented with. Users of  mobile applications will receive an anonymous unique device id (“UDID”) for the purpose of identifying the device to BC Game servers. This UDID will not be tied to users’ identities, but will be used for debugging purposes and to differentiate devices when users access our Services using multiple devices.
